Doc: Citation (#690)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/citation.rst

    "openPMD: A meta data standard for particle and mesh based data,"
    `DOI:10.5281/zenodo.591699 <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.591699>`_ (2015)

Since the openPMD-standard is an actively evolving meta-data schema, a specific version of the openPMD standard might be used in your work.
You can select a version-specific DOI from the `release page <https://github.com/openPMD/openPMD-standard/releases>`_ and add the version number to the cited title, e.g.

    ... (author list as above) ...
    "openPMD 1.1.0: A meta data standard for particle and mesh based data," `DOI:10.5281/zenodo.1167843 <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1167843>`_ (2018)

openPMD-api
-----------

openPMD-api is a reference implementation of the openPMD-standard for popular data formats.

openPMD-api is a scientific software and cited generally as

    Fabian Koller, Franz Poeschel, Junmin Gu, and Axel Huebl.
    "openPMD-api: C++ & Python API for Scientific I/O with openPMD"
    `DOI:10.14278/rodare.27 <https://doi.org/10.14278/rodare.27>`_ (2018)

> As a software citation, you almost always want to refer to a specific version of openPMD-api in your works:

Reviewer: This is a great PR @ax3l ! And it really helps users.
I was wondering if it would be interesting to explain why it is so useful to know the code versions (not just of openPMD-api, but of all those used). Feel free to not like my suggestion, but I'm thinking of something in the lines of:
```suggestion
It is good scientific practice to document all software versions in, e.g. a methods section, so you, reviewers and collaborators can reproduce your results.
In a software citation, you almost always want to refer to a specific version of openPMD-api in your work, as illustrated below.
```
What do you think?

Author: That's a great point, thank you. I like giving reason with guidelines, yay!

Software Version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Release package page <https://github.com/openPMD/openPMD-api/releases>`_ ...
Add the version number to the cited title, e.g.

    ... (author list as above) ...
    "openPMD-api 0.10.3: C++ & Python API for Scientific I/O with openPMD,"
    `DOI:10.14278/rodare.209 <https://doi.org/10.14278/rodare.209>`_ (2019)

Use the openPMD-api functionality ... to get and document software versions of dependent I/O backends.

> It is good scientific practice to document all software versions in, e.g. a methods section.

Reviewer: I moved this line to before  this last section. Because, to me, it reads like the motivation for including the section in this documentation page. But I am not a good writer or anything, so feel free to disagree!

Author: Sure thing, thanks!
